Track and field takes New York. The
fastest women on the planet. [music] A
crowd to witness history. And a venture
capitalist betting that women's sports
have achieved
escape velocity.
It is pretty incredible. So, I get it.
Like, I get how this could be a thing.
>> Can Alexis Ohanian, co-founder of
Reddit, prove his biggest wins are still
ahead?
>> I look at Formula 1, the scale of that.
It is an amazing business. It's humans
going as fast as possible from point A
to point B in cars, in horses. Those are
great sports. These are humans just
doing it with their own legs. And if we
can't make that as big of a story or
even bigger, I I might as well find
something else to do. For two decades,
Ohanian has amassed a fortune betting on
ideas others overlook. He co-founded
Reddit when social media was in its
infancy, found success as an earlystage
investor, and has helped launch the
recent boom in professional women's
[music] sports. But there have been
hurdles along the way. There was a messy
exit from Reddit, a venture partnership
dissolved, and a power struggle over a
soccer team. All on top of the pressures
of being Mr. Serena Williams and his
determination to lean into his role as
the father of two young girls. [music]
>> Do you get recognized?
>> Nah. Uh, it depends on the context. It
like in the Bay Area more often,
ironically, just because of the whole
tech scene thing, you know. Certainly
there's still folks [music] who are
like, "Hey, Reddit guy." There's
obviously plenty of folks who are like,
"Hey, Serena's husband." There's even a
few who are like Olympia's dad, which is
is wonderful. It's also a little weird
cuz I'm like, "She's eight. She hasn't
done anything yet." He's built a
reputation on Reddit nostalgia and tech
idealism. But in the cutthroat worlds of
venture capital and sports, is that
enough to get you over the finish line?
>> Are [music] you ready for your AMA?
>> Bring it. Yeah. Oh yeah.
We are on our way up town to meet
Alexis. We're going to start our day at
a sneaker store.
>> All right, let's look for some shoes.
>> All right. Hopefully they got size 15.
[laughter]
>> Are you really a size 15?
>> Wait, let me see that.
>> Are you?
>> I'm not a size 15 in that neighborhood.
[laughter]
>> You need to pick out a shoe. Don't you
pick out shoes for special events?
>> I do. I do. You did the research. Okay.
If you look at the branding, we have
like a kind of aos magenta.
>> Actually, you know, this one's not bad.
>> Uh, so it might be a little too matchy
matchy with the jacket. What do you
think?
>> I mean,
>> I'm not great on the colors. My wife's
really good at the color coordination
thing.
>> Before he married tennis legend Serena
Williams and before he co-founded
Reddit, Ohanian was a middle class kid
with roots in Brooklyn.
>> I managed to talk my parents into
getting me a computer. It's a big
investment and then an internet
connection and even though they had no
idea what I was doing on that computer,
[music]
I found strangers on the internet
willing to help me with learning how to
code and and so that feeling that
software provided [music] and then the
access to the knowledge freely given by
experts to me a dorky kid in my parents
house was was life-changing.
>> Fast forward to Ohanion's senior year at
the University of Virginia where he and
his roommate Steve Huffman pitched Tech
Incubator Y Combinator on a mobile food
app. But YC founder Paul Graham
encouraged them to work on something
else. A startup that could serve as the
front page of the internet. [music]
>> You were in the inaugural Y cominator
class 2005 with
>> 21 years ago. Almost 21 years ago. 20
years ago
>> with Sam Alman.
>> It's a good crew.
>> Steve Huffman, your co-founder at
Reddit, the Twitch guys.
>> Twitch guys. Justin Nemit in 2005. It
was an eclectic group of folks in that
first YC batch. It was not normal to
want to do a startup in 2005. And that
was the genius of YC. They realized this
opportunity before everyone else did.
Let's give for us it was $12,000 for two
college kids to go build a company.
Maybe it could one day be worth
billions.
>> You know, Sam is the one exception. I
think he had a road map to what tech
could be in the world. Speaking for
myself, I was just happy to not have a
boss. I was just happy to, you know,
build something that I cared about every
day and and build something that just
seemed fun. This was just one year after
Mark Zuckerberg had started the Facebook
and one year before Twitter got off the
ground. The internet was just starting
to wake up to the idea that users, not
editors, could be the driving force for
content. Ohian and Huffman's site went
allin on this concept, a site they named
Reddit. [music]
The memes, the inside jokes, the
crowdsourced investigations, even Snoo,
the mascot, which Ohanian drew himself,
[music] would for many define internet
culture of that era. This is the
zeitgeist for a quarter of a billion
people. [music]
>> After a year of building, Reddit was
courted by Kai Nast. Ohanion and Huffman
sold for a reported $10 million. [music]
life-changing money for them at the
time, but in hindsight, a pittance for a
company that today is valued at close to
$35 billion.
Ohion went on to become a partner at Y
Combinator, where he mentored startups
and co-founded Initialized Capital with
Gary Tan, a firm that backed companies
like Instacart and Coinbase.
But Ohanian decided to go it alone,
starting his own venture firm 776,
[music]
named after the date of the first
Olympic Games.
>> What's your snapshot on where venture
capital is at the moment? It's been a
>> really difficult environment.
>> Yeah.
>> What's your take? There's a middle of VC
firms that are just, as the kids would
say, mid,
>> uh, that are probably going to have a
really hard time because they can't get
into the deals that the the biggest and
baddest firms can can easily get into
and have the capital to get into. And I
think you're in a business where there
are these outsized mega firms, right?
The Sequoas, the Andreas, but also the
sort of newer generations like the
Thrivives, and they will continue to get
more and more capital as they clearly
are, you know, the big dogs with the war
chest that can double down in those big
winners at the later stage. And at the
early stage, there are firms, I like to
believe 776 is one of them, that can win
against all comers and that have a clear
value proposition and want to be the
best early. Through [music] 776, Ohan
has backed an eclectic portfolio,
including companies like Dogee, [music]
which lets users virtually try on
clothes, Mast forest restoration
company, Feastables, the snack brand
launched by Jimmy Donaldson, aka Mr.
and Monumental [music] Labs where
they're using robots to make stone
construction scalable. Today, Ohanion is
capturing footage to post to his social
media followers. [music] It's part of
the 776 playbook, capital plus
megaphone.
[music]
Ohan made his most famous VC bet 5 years
ago in an asset class most of his peers
had long ignored, women's sports.
>> [cheering]
>> on season one of the circuit. He told us
how it came to pass.
>> In 2019, I drunkenly tweeted from the
women's World Cup that women's soccer
was the most undervalued opportunity in
sports. And a bunch of people on Twitter
said, "All right, you know what, Alexis?
Put your money where your mouth is." He
went in with three partners to buy Angel
City Football Club, bringing capital
from 776 along with additional
investment from Serena. What was your
relationship to women's sports before
Serena? [laughter]
>> Non-existent.
>> As a casual American sports fan, if you
just ask us, you know, close your eyes
and think of American soccer excellence,
you can only think of women cuz the men
have never been great. And so it all
starts with the money. None of this.
You're never going to hear me talking
about the charity of it, the the social
issues, the feminism. No, no, no, no.
This is excellence. This is the market
rewarding excellence. And looking
around, I just couldn't believe that
these other sports, soccer especially,
where there isn't a strong male
counterpart in America, why there wasn't
someone.
>> Just 4 years later, the club's value had
soared from 2 to $250 million.
Along the way, there were reports of
infighting over the team's direction. It
was later bought by Disney CEO Bob Iger
and his wife Willow Bay, and Ohanian
moved on to fund other sports ventures.
A UK women's soccer team, a women's
sports bar franchise, [music]
a team in Tiger Woods golf league, and a
professional women's volleyball team.
And we haven't even gotten to ALOS.
What's Athlos, you say?
the the future of track and field.
Really like a Formula 1 type model.
Building is a Formula 1 for track and
field. Let's build a Formula 1 of track
and field. In case you missed that, Atlo
is Ohanian's take on Formula 1 meets
track and field. Part racing, part
spectacle, and definitive proof that
Alexis Ohan's marketing muscle is
everything everywhere all at once. From
a launch party at Tiffany, which made
sparkling crowns for the winners, to an
electrifying long jump qualifier in Time
Square featuring gold medalist Tara
[music] Davis Woodhall
to Randall's Island in New York City
where all roads lead to the second
annual AOS event. A track meet O'hanian
wants to take on the road and around the
world. Women's sports are having a
moment. You know, we're seeing what's
happening with soccer. The WNBA is
having a moment, but also there's a lot
of controversy around these sports. And
so, there's a question about what
happens when you fasttrack a league to
prominence. How do you have the correct
leadership and the correct vision in
place to sustain that momentum?
>> Can you explain the various revenue
streams, the broadcast rights, the
sponsorships, the merch, the ticket
sales, the athletes getting a cut? Yeah.
>> How does it all work together and when
does this become profitable?
>> So for any emerging league, those media
deals you see for the NFL, NBA, billions
of dollars, that is a long ways away. So
we said from Jump, we're not going to
try to make a little bit of revenue out
of the gate for broadcast. I'd rather
make no money and instead reach millions
of people. So last year we made no money
on broadcast, but we reached 3 million
viewers cuz we were everywhere. YouTube
X, Done, ESPN Plus, ESPN 2. This year we
actually added ION. And then one of the
important things we did was we we set
the record for prize money last year
simply by doubling the top prize. It was
only $30,000. We made it 60. And we want
to work in concert with our athletes. So
10% of all the revenue in sum from this
event also goes into a pool that goes to
all those athletes. When you're buying
merch, when you're buying hot dogs,
you're buying tickets, that revenue
comes together.
>> When Athos expands next year, three top
athletes will also have equity. Tara
Davis Woodhall and sprinters Sha
Richardson and Gabby Thomas. And that
means a voice in shaping Athlos.
>> When Alexis called you and said he
wanted to start Athlos, what did you say
you wanted? Like what was your advice?
>> Well, he asked me, he's like, "What do
you want as an athlete?" And I was like,
"I want to see that long jump as sexy as
the 100 meter dash." And um he asked me,
"What's my dream?"
>> And I told him my dream is street meet.
So I told him, um, you know, it would be
cool to jump in Time Square. And he was
like, "Time Square." And I said, "Time
Square." What does this event mean to
you being not just an athlete here but
but an owner?
>> H it means everything. I mean for um
athletes to listen to me and hear what I
have to say and I'm so so thankful. I'm
so so blessed for everything that has
come my way um including this crown and
including 60K in my account. We've
already been paid. I haven't even
finished cooling down yet and I've been
paid.
>> Instant payouts to athletes put some
ground between Athlos and Grand Slam
Track.
>> [music]
>> GST, which is backed by gold medalist
Michael Johnson and a venture firm
chaired by Bill Aman, promised prizes up
to $100,000 for winners, but limped
[music] out of the gate, plagued by low
attendance, loss of backers, and
complaints that prize money was slow in
making its way to athletes, including a
reported $180,000
owed to Gabby Thomas.
[music] Michael Johnson tried to do this
with Grand Slam Track.
>> Yeah.
>> You famously tweeted, "Please pay me."
>> Cuz I'm serious about that, right? We
dedicate so much to the sport and we put
so much out there. I expect payment and
so Athos is committed to making that
happen um instantly.
>> Grand Slam Track has since secured more
funding with reports it's planning to
reboot the league and has begun to pay
money owed to athletes.
>> What makes you think this is going to be
different?
>> Well, I think this is going to be
different because I'm a part of it and I
know Alexis. We all have equity in it.
So, we want this to work and we're not
we're not signing up for anything that
we don't believe in fully. So, We're
committed to getting to getting paid.
>> Okay. If you want to interview the
athletes, what do you want to ask them?
>> I want to ask them what's their favorite
movies
of color.
>> That's good.
>> And
are you enjoying?
>> Good one. And you want to you want to
lead that question a little bit. You
want to lead them and say, "How great of
a time are you having out there?" So,
they already feel primed to say good
stuff, right?
>> Okay. Here's another one. Who's your
favorite athlete? Um, my favorite
athlete is
>> what?
>> What?
>> Good answer.
>> What about papa?
>> You're not an athlete.
>> That's true. That's very true.
>> But this guy is. Noah Liles is best
known for capturing gold in the 100
meters at the 2024 Olympics.
>> How pumped are you to be here?
>> I'm pretty excited. I ain't going to
lie. I love a spectacle. That's what I'm
here for.
>> What's your take on Athos? Like, do you
think this is an inflection point for
track and field? It's up to athletes to
decide. To be honest, right now it's
kind of an all-star meet with the
ability to turn into something, but it's
it's going to be up to them to really
push the boundaries of what it can be.
>> How hard is it to get paid what you're
worth as a professional athlete?
>> Um, in my sport, very hard. Very hard. I
still don't think I get paid what I'm
worth.
>> By sunset, the talking's done, the stage
is set, and the crowd is primed to see
Olympic level competition.
Let's go Cara. Let's go Tara.
[music]
>> So, I've never been to a track and field
meet, but this is really cool. Like, to
see these athletes up close doing their
thing. Like, these are the fastest women
in the world, and it is pretty
incredible. So, I get it. Like, I get
how this could be a thing.
Don't ever doubt yourself. There are
endless possibilities in this world.
Just give yourself a chance.
>> All right. Well, let's give yourself the
symphony's crown. [laughter]
>> As Athos comes to a close, Sierra takes
the stage. And the city that never
sleeps is already moving on to
tomorrow's headlines. For Ohanion, it
means a new chance to promote his
projects [music] and go toe-to-toe
against the internet's trolls.
Just a week before Alos, he found
himself in the crosshairs after speaking
out against immigration rates. [music]
>> I have I think 10 million people saying
I mean some just vile stuff uh about me
on Twitter because I tell the story of
my mom who was an undocumented
immigrant. Fine. like like I would
rather have that statement in the public
record. You know, if I had tweeted that
five years ago, it wouldn't have
certainly met that level of toxicity and
criticism. [music] And it's not just
politics. The day before Alohan was
defending Serena against ESPN
personality Steven A. Smith, who'
questioned her motives for performing at
Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime
show. If I'm married and my wife is
going to join trolling her ex, go back
to his ex cuz clearly you you don't
belong with me.
>> Stephen A Smith, you had some I think
you had some marriage advice for me. Is
that right? Or [music]
>> Well, you know what? I I listen I did
it. People, you know, headlines are
headlines.
>> You do not shy away from a debate.
>> You know it.
>> Your beef with Stephen A. Smith. How's
that going?
>> I I don't know what you're talking
about. But yeah, why do you I mean it
does seem like you are out there you're
out there sticking up for Serena.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean what would any
husband do? I think is a simple uh sort
of self-evident, right?
>> What do you say to the folks out there
right now who are like, well, you
created the platform that enabled this
kind of trolling discussion.
>> Yeah. on the social media side. Look,
the same reason that I felt a
responsibility to step away when I did
the way I did is the reason why I have
so much peace moving the way that I move
now because like I can't change the
past, but I can learn from it and I can
do better. And so that's that's my job.
>> While Reddit achieved steady growth
[music] in the years after Ohanion and
Huffman sold, it was increasingly
plagued by hate [music] groups and toxic
communities. In 2014, Ohanian was
brought back as executive chair to write
the ship, [music] but he left in 2020, 4
years before Reddit went public.
>> A lot was made of the fact that you
weren't at the IPO.
>> Was it?
>> Yes.
>> Really?
>> Why weren't you there?
>> Well, I wasn't invited. I did not expect
to be invited, though, given given the
fact that I resigned in protest in 2020.
Um, you know, that was a very public
statement in order to get the company to
finally ban some [music] of these
communities. I'd already had opposition
about communities like watch people die
and some of these really violent and
racist communities and yeah
>> so there is some bad blood or hurt
feelings or
>> bruised egos.
>> Not for me. Um but here's the thing you
know the way I look at it uh I've got
plenty more IPOs to go to.
>> Oh's resignation came on the heels of
the George Floyd protests. In his public
statement, he urged the company to
replace him with a black board member.
And Reddit did, appointing Michael
Cybel, then CEO of Y Combinator.
>> Why leave rather than lean in to fix
what was broken? When you're in a
boardroom, especially when you've been
like the founder and face of a company
for 15 years, you're in a boardroom with
four other people and they're all
telling you why the watch people die
community is an important part of Reddit
and why we need to preserve that
community in spite of your protests
because of free speech and because of
how helpful it is for first responders,
whatever
when you come out of a board meeting
like that and you go home to your wife
as I did and I'm saying like God am I
the crazy one? Like am I wrong on this?
Cuz like I know this community is full
of snuff videos, suicide videos, murder
videos, mostly of people in the
developing world cuz that's how that
video footage gets leaked out.
>> Mhm.
>> And there are millions of people on
Reddit who come to this and discuss it
and share and bond and like that feels
vile. That feels wrong. It's not
something I'm proud of. But when you're
told, you know, and the room is very
obviously against you and and told, "No,
no, no. It's don't worry about it.
You're wrong." It was, it was a weird,
very surreal experience. Serena clocked
it real quick. She was like, "No, those
people are crazy. Watch people die is a
horrible community." And you were
absolutely right. And thank God I had
one person in my life who at least was
able to call that bullit. And I feel
very fortunate that I'm never going to
have to be in a room like that again.
Reddit said in a statement that it was
widely agreed upon to ban Watch people
die in 2019 and that 2,000 other
communities were banned for violating
Reddit's policy on hateful content in
2020, the year Ohanian left the company.
Lessons learned, ohion is now taking
another stab at social media. He and the
former CEO of Dig, Kevin Rose, once arch
rivals, are teaming up to revive Dig.
>> I mean, I really disliked you for a long
time and
>> rightfully so. any
>> which has been rebranded as a community
with humanity at its core. [music] But
humanity doesn't seem to attract
eyeballs much these days.
>> If the engine of morality is extremism
and d is supposed to be the antidote,
>> how do you drive engagement?
>> I think what we found in authentic human
online community is it's the last
bastion of really highquality content.
And so whether you want to know an
opinion about a movie, whether you want
to know about a camera to buy, there's
always going to be real real value
there. But what I worry about is there
is this this flywheel of, you know, if
we know these models are trained on
content that are now largely botted or
AI generated, you know, that
authenticity loop breaks down real quick
and that that trust breaks down real
quick. There clearly needs to be some
other version of, you know, if you just
want to show up and, you know, find a
community of people who love cameras,
where do you go to get authentic, real
human reviews of those things?
>> In a world increasingly crowded by bots
and algorithms, ohan [music]
is once again betting on community, on
the pitch, the track, in our cities, and
even in social media.
>> [music]
>> The question now becomes, can a master
of marketing sell us back on
authenticity?
>> What advice would you give founders
today [music] that's different than what
you got back then?
>> The biggest advice which Paul Graham put
on everyone's shirt and I think it still
holds true which is make something
people want. In 20 years now I can say
having started multiple companies seated
[music] did many many more that founding
principle never goes away. I think the
founders for today need to know just how
much responsibility they have. So I
would say move decisively,
move earnestly, be aware of what you're
building and know that like this
responsibility starts right now for
building something that is going to have
a very big impact in the world. [music]
Mat
[music]
a [music]
m a
>> [music]
[music]